Update airflow-api.md for Astro (#636)
astronomer/docs: astro/airflow-api.md

> You can use Airflow's [REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html) to automate various Airflow workflows in your Deployments.

Author: IMO, it's possible to need the API even if you're a small team with a small number of DAGs. Like if you wanted some automated workflow based on some external system.

> For example, if you're looking to externally trigger DAG runs without accessing your Airflow Deployment directly, you can make an HTTP request (in Python, cURL etc.) to the [corresponding endpoint](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/post_dag_run) in Airflow's API.

Author: Access to the API isn't limited to Python/cURL; a user can use any programming language, Postman, etc. I think the grammar changes here are good though.

> For example, if you're looking to externally trigger DAG runs without accessing your Airflow Deployment directly, you can make an HTTP request (in Python, cURL etc.) to the [corresponding endpoint](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/post_dag_run) in Airflow's API.

Reviewer: The "for example" means that the described use case is one of many that you can use, so I don't see an issue with being specific here about Python/ cURL.

## Step 1: Retrieve an Access Token and Deployment URL

> All calls to your Deployment's Airflow API require:

Author: What do you think of "Calls to the Airflow REST API for a Deployment on Astro require:"? I think the "If specific to a Deployment on Astro" kind of implies that there are some general Airflow REST API calls that can be made across all Deployments on Astro, but each Deployment requires its own URL.

> All calls to your Deployment's Airflow API require:

Reviewer: @RNHTTR I like that wording!

```sh
curl --location --request POST "https://auth.astronomer.io/oauth/token" \
        --header "content-type: application/json" \
        --data-raw '{
            "client_id": "<api-key-id>",
            "client_secret": "<api-key-secret>",
            "audience": "astronomer-ee",
            "grant_type": "client_credentials"}'
```

:::info

Note that this token is only valid for 24 hours.

If you need to call the Airflow API only once, you can retrieve a single 24-hour access token at `https://cloud.astronomer.io/token` in the Cloud UI.

> In automated processes (such as a [CI/CD pipeline](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/ci-cd)), we recommend including logic to generate a fresh access token. For example, adding a step in in a CI/CD pipeline that automatically generates an API access token would remove the need to generate that token manually every 24 hours.

Author: I think this is probably fine, but I figured it makes sense to include processes beyond CI/CD, because I believe there are probably scenarios where people need to make API calls from a system outside a CI/CD process, and that would similarly require logic for generating a fresh access token every 24 hours. Thoughts?

> In automated processes (such as a [CI/CD pipeline](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/ci-cd)), we recommend including logic to generate a fresh access token. For example, adding a step in in a CI/CD pipeline that automatically generates an API access token would remove the need to generate that token manually every 24 hours.

Reviewer: I've not heard of a situation like that yet, and we certainly don't have it documented. IMO I'd rather not elude to an undocumented workflow and instead focus on the CI/CD use case.

:::

To retrieve your Deployment URL, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and click **Open Airflow**. The URL for the Airflow UI is your Deployment URL minus `/home`. It includes the name of your Organization and a short Deployment ID. For example, your Deployment URL will look similar to `https://mycompany.astronomer.run/dhbhijp0`.

## Step 2: Make an Airflow API Request

> With the information from Step 1, you can now execute requests against any supported endpoints in Airflow's [Rest API Reference](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html).

Reviewer 2: @RNHTTR I still think it's helpful to give a step that is "self-service" in that it tells you what you need to know to look at Airflow docs and make your own requests. And then we jump into examples. WDYT?

> With the information from Step 1, you can now execute requests against any supported endpoints in Airflow's [Rest API Reference](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html).

Author: I like specifically breaking out the examples in their own header to make it more explicit that there are a lot more endpoints that can be hit. I think we could be even more explicit by saying something like "The examples included here are a small sample of what's possible with the [Airflow REST API](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html)"

I think we should still call back to "Step 1" for the Deployment URL & access token, because lazy people like me will skip to step 2 :D

> With the information from Step 1, you can now execute requests against any supported endpoints in Airflow's [Rest API Reference](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html).

Reviewer: I'd drop the "From Step 1" bit if we end up making this a Step 2

```sh
curl --location --request POST "https://auth.astronomer.io/oauth/token" \
        --header "content-type: application/json" \
        --data-raw '{
            "client_id": "<api-key-id>",
            "client_secret": "<api-key-secret>",
            "audience": "astronomer-ee",
            "grant_type": "client_credentials"}'
```

:::info

Note that this token is only valid for 24 hours.

If you need to call the Airflow API only once, you can retrieve a single 24-hour access token at `https://cloud.astronomer.io/token` in the Cloud UI.

In automated processes (such as a [CI/CD pipeline](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/ci-cd)), we recommend including logic to generate a fresh access token. For example, adding a step in in a CI/CD pipeline that automatically generates an API access token would remove the need to generate that token manually every 24 hours.

:::

> To retrieve your Deployment URL, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and click **Open Airflow**. The URL for the Airflow UI is your Deployment URL minus `/home`. It includes the name of your Organization and a short Deployment ID. For a Deployment with an ID `dhbhijp0` that is part of an Organization called `mycompany`, for example, the Deployment URL would be: `https://mycompany.astronomer.run/dhbhijp0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve your Deployment URL, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and click **Open Airflow**. The Deployment URL is the URL for the Airflow UI homepage up until `/home`. It includes the name of your Organization and a short Deployment ID. For example, a Deployment with an ID `dhbhijp0` that is part of an Organization called `mycompany` would have a Deployment URL of `https://mycompany.astronomer.run/dhbhijp0`.
```

## Step 2: Make an Airflow API Request

With the information from Step 1, you can now execute requests against any supported endpoints in Airflow's [Rest API Reference](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html).

For all requests, replace `<access-token>` and `<deployment-url>` with the values obtained in Step 1, and replace `<dag-id>` with your own DAG ID where applicable.

> For example, to retrieve a list of all DAGs in a Deployment, you can run a `GET` request to the [`dags` endpoint](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/get_dags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to retrieve a list of all DAGs in a Deployment, you can run a `GET` request to the [`dags` endpoint](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/get_dags) using cURL:
```

> Using cURL:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
“2021-11-16T11:34:00”
Using cURL:
```sh
curl -v -X POST <deployment-url>/api/v1/dags/<dag-id>/dagRuns \
   -H 'Authorization: Bearer <access-token>' \
   -H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
   -H 'content-type: application/json' \
   -d '{"logical_date":"2021-11-16T11:34:00Z"}'
```

Here, your request becomes:

```
curl -v -X POST
<deployment-url>/api/v1/dags/<dag-id>/dagRuns
-H ‘Authorization: <access-token>’
-H ‘Cache-Control: no-cache’
-H ‘content-type: application/json’ -d ‘{“logical_date”:“2021-11-16T11:34:00”}’
Using Python:
```python
import requests
token = "<access-token>"
deployment_url = "<deployment-url>"
dag_id = "<dag-id>"
response = requests.post(
    url=f"{deployment_url}/api/v1/dags/{dag_id}/dagRuns",
    headers={
        "Authorization": f"Bearer {token}",
        "Content-Type": "application/json"
    },
    data='{"logical_date": "2021-11-16T11:34:01Z"}'
)
print(response.json())
# Prints metadata of the DAG Run that was just triggered
```

> ### List All Pools

Reviewer: I liked when we had headers for each example call, @RNHTTR would you mind if I jumped into this PR and updated some of this content to match the existing formatting?

Author: By all means! It'd be great if you jumped in and took it over the finish line :)
